# ActiniumCast

A simple content casting server based on P2P network.

We decide to use Rust to implement it.

## Idea

The idea is to create a content casting backend so that each node in the network can act as a content server.
With several cryptographic techniques, we can ensure that the content is not tampered with and is fully verified.
All comments and votes are stored in a distributed way, so that no one can censor the content.
Users are all anonymous currently, and the content is not linked to any user as well.
There are several users with higher privileges called **moderators**.
Moderators can create new content and remove content and comments.
The privileges of moderators are verified by GPG signatures.
This may be applied to normal users as well if needed.

All actions are verified and signed by a moderator.
Specifically, anonymous comment and votes are signed by ring signature.
The public key ring is generated by all moderators' public keys connected in the network.

## Feature

- [ ] Basic content casting
- [ ] Anonymous comment and vote
- [ ] Moderator privileges
- [ ] GPG signature
- [ ] Plugin system

## Current Design

There are two designing approaches current now.

### BitTorrent Protocol

The first approach is to use BitTorrent protocol to distribute the content.
We can design a protocol based on current BitTorrent protocol to implement the content management, and use a data
structure like Merkle tree to verify the content.
The version management can be designed as a linked list of hashes of blocks.

**Pros**

- It enables us to use the existing BitTorrent protocol and tracker servers, so that the content can be distributed
  easily with the existing infrastructure.
- It is easy to implement and test.

**Cons**

- The extensibility of the protocol is limited.

### Custom Protocol

The custom protocol uses several single file servers to distribute the content.
Some servers are connected with heartbeat package.
Thus, the servers can be assumed as an indirect graph, which enables us to use some algorithms like Tarjan BCC algorithm
to find the connected components.
Then we can design another algorithm to build new edges so that the whole graph can be in a whole vertex BCC.

**Pros**

- The protocol is extensible and fully customizable.
- The Reliability of the protocol is high, since the servers are connected in a whole vertex BCC.

**Cons**

- The protocol is not that easy to implement.
- The whole network has to be built from scratch. A p2p network connecting several client may help, but it seems that we
  have to build something just like BitTorrent
